It felt like a bad dream.
Our family was really zealous in the truth.
We were playing downstairs one day,
and Mom came down to tell us
she was leaving Jehovah and leaving Dad.
Saying goodbye to Mom,
that was the hardest day of my life.
My mother and father became inactive
when I was about four years old.
My father was never really around.
When my mom started to learn the truth,
my dad said she was forbidden from studying.
If we were to go to the meetings,
he would take us out forcibly.
He became verbally and physically abusive
to my mom.
My parents’ breakup was very tough.
It was a struggle for my mother
to raise two boys on her own.
She would work two or three jobs,
and serving Jehovah just took a backseat.
When my parents divorced,
my mom was very depressed.
She did the best she could,
but Jehovah didn’t intend for mothers
to fill both roles
as parents.
My sisters and I,
we made a conscious choice
that we weren’t going to make
the same bad choices that Mom did.
We realized that it was up to us.
So I dedicated my life to Jehovah
and was baptized when I was 15.
We thrived spiritually
when we didn’t have the opposition from Dad.
Now we could go out in service,
go to the meetings freely.
We didn’t have to hide our literature
for fear he would rip them up.
When I was around 15 years old,
my mother took us to the meeting,
and she was determined
that this was going to be her last meeting.
It was the night of a local needs part.
It was the right time.
Jehovah just opened my mother’s heart wide.
After that experience,
it was like she was a new woman.
My sisters and I have always been a team.
We pioneered together; we moved to Cambodia
to serve as need-greaters together.
They’re both in special full-time service
with their husbands in Cambodia,
and I’ve been serving here in Myanmar Bethel,
along with my husband,
for just over 11 years now.
My mom set a stellar example
for me to follow.
Her relationship with Jehovah
was always above everything else.
It was her example that helped me
to set and reach spiritual goals.
I started pioneering
during my senior year of high school.
In nearly 20 years of full-time service,
I’ve spent most of that time
at Brooklyn Bethel and Warwick with my wife.
My mother had a very strong influence
on my theocratic goals.
My wife and I had the privilege of attending
the first School for Kingdom Evangelizers,
and currently we’re serving
in the circuit work.
No one needs to be defined
by their negative circumstances.
First Peter 5:10 says:
‘God himself will complete your training.’
It might be tough at times,
but with Jehovah’s help, you can succeed.
It reminds me of what David said
in the 27th Psalm and verse 10;
he said: “Even if my . . . father [or] mother
abandon me,
Jehovah . . . will take me in.”
That was definitely the case
in my situation.
Jehovah doesn’t define us
by our upbringing or our past.
He sees our potential.
So it’s up to us.
With Jehovah,
we can be anything we want to be.